what is up guys my name is emerald
dragon gamer and welcome back to another
video today guys I'm not doing minecraft
and get them on my computer in my
browser Firefox okay but today guys I
want to talk to you into some questions
and I wanted to ask you a question from
that that's going to be good for my
channel so first course I sweetie I'm on
Ironside computers com and if you don't
know what Ironside computers are it's
basically a community company that
actually own that actually sells
desktops and laptops or gaming equipment
so here this is the Ironside series this
is their main computers I MP get on my
way I MP oh no no no please please don't
please don't do that i am p grun minion
Fein nemesis and conquer I can't say it
right conqueror I don't know but if you
don't know what they are um again
Ironside computers it's really awesome
India they're just really good and the
kind of expensive so I want to ask you a
question if i should get sponsored by
iron side computers okay guys so this is
our sides come ironside computer's web
page and how to get sponsored so here is
the website and that link will be in the
description below but since welcome to
the art side athletic program we aren't
side wanted a chance to partner up with
a gaming community and give back to all
the awesome people kept spreading the
word about the amazing gaming pcs we
built here so we developed this program
as a chance for everyone to earn cash
back for every customer they send our
way so if you guys don't know how
sponsorship works it's basically if they
give you a code and if anyone uses that
code to buy let's say an aren't I
computer or anything really then you get
money you get a profit of anything
really now on side computers five
percent at you pretty good because our
site appears a really expensive and
that's it it's actually much better so
people by like the grun which is
five hundred dollar pc you get fifteen
to twenty fifteen dollars cash and or
twenty five dollars to use on the Dom
gaming PC Ironside or any of it then
1030 52,000 6100 which is pretty good
3000 get 9150 so um just yeah this is a
really cool sponsorship and I can't wake
so how it works is before you can get
started you need to make an account our
website I'll show you that after and
i'll show you how to get sponsored by
them and yeah the terms you will
actually need any subscribers and
there's no restriction anyone can join
and you just have to write a response to
all of that but yeah guys now i want to
be answering some questions now what
happened to the realms SP episodes now
first of all guys i haven't been able to
record because there's been a problem
with my phone and ipad air stratosphere
corner doesn't work anymore and it's
pretty bad quality as you guys know so
I'm really sorry guys I couldn't do
anything um and I can't do anything
about that but I'm really sorry if the
realms SMP actually i reset twice
because the first time it was just
normal and then it cause destruction it
was just griefing it was just a lot so i
reset the world again and I really
didn't I couldn't like we out like a
month because I got the free trial and
want to wait a month that record a video
because then I'll just have to start
paying but I have don't know everyone's
done a lot of cam same with me and I'm
really sorry that you guys really want
to see it but I've actually um look
forward to UM event coming on the realm
and I'm going to meet up with all the
people on the realm and we're going to
bowed out so we bring all our best stuff
to battle with and then the winners it's
gonna be like a for v4 or something like
that and the winner gets all the
remaining so like I know sparkly but um
he has a bunch of good stuff and I get
all of his remains which is gonna be a
pretty good so also look out on my
channel for a game except coming soon
because I got so much stuff I gotta
weigh 260 razor equipment so much
updated since
last time which I believe 2015 I think
2016 early 2016 but yeah guys now I will
show you how to get on sponsored by them
so yeah it okay guys so if you want to
get sponsored by them you want to go to
this website Ironside computers com /
and that's all that stuff and then that
link will be in the description below
click on it if you guys want to get
sponsored by them it requires no amount
of subscribers and you can join for free
you just have to fill out a message why
you want to join and act mature so
because if you don't act mature like oh
god please after sponsorship oh please I
wanted so much I love you guys they're
not going to give you it they're not
going to give you at all so how it works
is once you fill out the form they'll
send you an email if you passed or not
but here once you go to this link you
want new you want to register an account
new please provide this stuff is just
some of the account one in it won't this
stuff right here now i'm highlighting
it's just what it could count does so
this is the formula to fill out for the
count this isn't actually the
sponsorship form yet so here we go you
put in you don't also the ones with the
red stars are the only ones you have to
do like company name you don't have to
do that because nice to have a store so
first name last name address and all of
this stuff guys um what else email
confirm and then once you do that you
created your account you're gonna go
back to that website just on okay once
you're on this website again I read most
of this stuff there is no min or so
there's no restriction of who can join
only that your channel be reverent to
gaming pcs or electronic so that means
that like you have a gaming channel or
you review electronics or stuff like
that nothing like fash fashion yeah
fashion um I don't think flogs but there
you go you need a minimum of 350 to
everything this is just all the stuff
this is just awesome some perks these
aren't actually it so what you do that
says interested in signing for a 4-pole
then please begin by logging into your
account so up here your
you want to log in and once you log in a
form will also i haven't actually
creating account yet i'll do that I'm
like tomorrow I guess I'm sorry I'm
actually recording this really late and
ya guys so once you log in right here
you log into your account that you
created and then you create it by login
if you don't where is it where is it so
then by clicking here before he can get
started you need to make an account a
website so once you login there's going
two forms gonna appear on your endless
page you fill out the information
there's going to be a message and just
make sure you acted so oh I want it so
badly don't act like that guys are
you're not going to get a sponsorship
like in any company really like no scope
classes of course razer accepts anyone
no matter what but yeah i'm not you
gonna be putting all the sponsorship two
cycles I our site computers is just one
of my favorite companies just because
how good their computers are so no scope
if racer I'm sorry but I can no longer
be sponsored by you yeah yeah like the
grammar so hope you guys did enjoy this
video as always don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe and if you haven't
seen my previous video there's been an
intro contest going on and you guys
making me an intro all previewing it
soon and all and my video yes and I'll
pick one and then you guys will get a
shoutout for me and you dick to collab
with me so I hope you guys enjoy this
video see you guys next door let's try
to aim for 10 likes on this video and
bye bye guys see ya click come on I
can't click the button